Use bins if you live in a property with wheelie bins 
If you live in a house in the Royal Borough of Greenwich you’ll often have three wheelie bins.  

You will use your: 

green top bin for food and garden waste 
blue top bin for mixed dry recycling 
black top bin for non recyclable waste 
If you have a blue top bin, leave your rubbish loose. You do not need to use a bin bag for recycling.  

On collection day put your wheelie bins out by 6am. 

Assisted collections 
If you cannot move your bins as you get older or due to a disability, we accept and review requests for assisted collections.

Request an assisted collection assessment by phoning 020 8921 466 or emailing contact.centre@royalgreenwich.gov.uk 

Use bags if you live in a property without wheelie bins 
If your home does not have bins, you’ll need to use the right bags. 

You will need to use: 

corn starch or paper bags for food and garden waste 
clear bags for mixed dry recycling 
black bin bags for items that cannot be recycled 
You can order two free rolls of clear recycling bags every six months.  

Order bins, bags or sacks 

Use shared bins if you live at a block of flats 
If you live in a block of flats, you’ll use large shared bins.  

You can find these in either a shared bin store or in the grounds close to the flat.  

You’ll have large: 

blue bins for mixed dry recycling 
silver or black bins or a chute system in the block of flats for general waste 
If you live in a block of flats with internal storage that you can all use, we may be able to offer a food waste collection.  

Use bags if you live in a flat above a property 
We collect rubbish in bags if you live above a property like a shop and do not have bins.  

You can order two free rolls of clear recycling bags every six months. 

You will need to buy your own black bin bags for your general waste.  

Order bins, bags or sacks 

On collection day put out your recycling and general waste by 6am.  

Do not put your bags out the night before or animals may rip into them. 